There we go, from Hollywood, California, a meltdown comic, Harmontown is now in session.
Spencer Crittenden, and the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Hello. Hello. Thank you.
All right. Well, we got a lot of show tonight. Not a lot of good show. I don't know that.
I'm just saying we got a lot of guests and things. I'm not saying, oh, it's going to be a great show.
I don't want to make promises like that. But sometimes I say it's going to be a bad show,
and then sometimes you feel like that's a good show. Who cares? You don't know.
There's a big portion of our audience who hates when we have guests.
Oh, really? Yeah.
What are they called? The Tories or the Wigs?
Bull Moosers.
Do you basing this on talking to them at karaoke after the show?
Or are you basing this on Reddit? Are you a Reddit lurker?
I'm not a Reddit lurker. Some people say to me, oh, I love it when you have guests.
Some people say I hate when you have guests. I like it when it's just you, Dan, and Spencer.
Yeah. I mean, you know, and sometimes if we don't have guests, it's a bad show,
because I'm like, I don't have anything to talk about, and I'm sluggish.
Sometimes if we do have guests, it's a good show because we do have guests.
Sometimes if we don't have guests, it's a good show in spite of having no guests.
You can live by the guest and die by the guest.
Yeah. I mean, who knows? Sometimes people come up and we get to know them,
and sometimes they're a big dud. Sometimes they're...
Sometimes the people in the live venue, sorry, that was probably...
Vod cannot spit, but...
Sometimes people in the live venue enjoy the people that come up
and people that are listening at home are like, fuck that guy, I hate him.
But let's... Well, let's spend this...
Let's spend this personal time before we bring out our guests wisely.
I want to ask you a couple questions.
Hmm. Oh, yeah. Okay.
Yeah.
You became kind of Bruce Willis there.
There's a... Okay, so does anybody know anything about pee?
When a pee coming out of a penis, a human male penis,
that twist right by the...
Is that because, I'm imagining, I'm not a physicist,
but that's because it's shooting out at a high velocity in the shape of a wall,
like a vertical wall, and then gravity is doing its thing,
and it's leveling out, and it's also, at the same time,
coalescing into a cylinder of pee.
I think there's kind of two streams that strike each other,
and their combined force kind of sends them in a spiral around each other until they land.
Or like one of those water fountains sometimes do it,
where there's two separate holes and they kind of strike each other.
I assume it's to get more, you know, distance out of it.
Hello, Spencer, how are you tonight?
Are you saying that it's like the Coriolis effect?
It's absolutely the Coriolis effect.
That people's men's pee out of their penises south of the equator spirals the other way
because of the rotation of the Earth?
Yeah, when we were in Australia, it was like that.
When you guys, ladies forgive us for a moment,
when you guys have the comings, you know, when you ejaculate,
when you make your leavings, and then if you, let's say it's a hot summer day,
and you're already tired, and so you just kind of like,
you don't do any self-care, you just sort of drift off to sleep,
which I did once in my 20s when I was living in Koreatown,
and I really just value my candor.
No, don't value it, hate me.
But I remember, this is a sad chapter of my life,
it was so fucking hot, and I lived in this little two-foot closet in our house in Koreatown,
and I masturbated, and I just passed out on my bare mattress,
and I had masturbated on to like a piece of newspaper,
and I just put it over onto the side of my bed,
and I just drifted into a semi-blissful, semi-chronically depressed, sad,
like, when do I have to move back to Milwaukee sleep?
And I woke up, and there was just this carpet of ants, just like...
And it just made me feel like I was in an Irish poem or something about,
like, that hoser song or whatever,
and I went, after the insects have made their claim,
after the raven has wet his beak, I'll be home with you, I'll be home with you.
Now, I was just listening to Skulljuice with Dino's Temetopolis.
Yeah, they were talking about that.
They talk about the fact, I did not know this,
that if you leave your jizz rag out, the ants will come,
and I did not know that ants love... come.
I think the ants that we get a lot are like piss ants, right?
They love bathroom stuff, they eat piss, they drink piss.
They're a lot like Donald Trump in that way.
Imagine being an ant.
What a life the ants life, you know?
It's like, we really have to ask ourselves,
like, what are we shooting for? No pun intended.
We as primates are shooting for the ants,
and the ants are there to gather it all
and take every protein-charged flake back to their brood.
And they've been here since before the dinosaurs,
and so in some respects we're tempted to say,
oh, the ants have won, they've won.
It's their planet, right?
Because they're not going to go anywhere,
and then we're going to come and go,
but we're going to come and then we're going to go.
But like...
Cummings and leavings.
But what kind of life is that?
That's not a life.
I'd rather be a super intelligent monkey
that just like rises up and spits in God's eye.
That's a good point, yeah.
It's better to be a human than an ant.
I think it's a bold stance, but I agree.
But we're presenting a unified front here.
We're the only animal that has a philosophy,
an evolutionary strategy that is proofed
against the death of this planet,
and also one that is causing it.
But we are the only ones, as I've said,
I don't see any big plans coming out of giraffes these days.
They ain't got no rocket ships,
and we're just saying we're the one animal
that actually theoretically you could blow up the whole planet,
and we'd be like, over here, we're not there yet,
but I'm just saying we should be proud of ourselves.
We shouldn't aspire to be ants.
And when I look at our freeways
and our public schooling systems,
I think we're aspiring to be ants,
and we shouldn't do that.
Our next guest...
Dan, before you bring out a guest,
real quick, point of order.
Spencer and I were talking about...
I don't want to slow down the show.
Before we bring out our guest,
we've been talking and we keep forgetting about it,
about starting a new D&D campaign.
Let's lay the groundwork right now
for getting this rolling,
because we have a million guests tonight.
You mean like in the interest of next week?
Yeah, next show.
Let's talk about how we proceed with this now,
so we're ready to start rocking on this as we go forward.
All right, well, one thing before that...
Electric Boogaloo!
Because I never really finished my thought.
I know people at home are like, oh, he never got there.
Sometimes if you're a guy,
and you do your thing,
and then you don't do anything else,
then you forget.
You go to the bathroom and you go pee,
and it's this amazing double,
like, Legolas' Elven Arrow thing.
And you wait for it.
You're like, have you ever had that happen?
And then you're like, well, I'm not going to...
It's because it hurts to stop.
I know, smallest violin in the world
for the half of the gender
that's destroyed our species,
but it hurts.
You don't want to stop.
So you just kind of like,
you try to push through it.
You figure like, well, it's...
Why don't you give me a break?
What could possibly be going on down there
that could keep these two streams separate?
And so you put a little more pressure on it,
and then it's just like too dry,
and it's just like going everywhere with a toilet.
And I mean, it's pretty steadfast,
that I'm assuming it's just a little super glue
that you made in servicing that selfish gene.
So you're talking about when you're close to coming,
then it's hard to pee?
No.
No, he's saying...
Am I that bad at making that?
No, he's saying that there was still some left in there.
Afterward.
You come, and then you go to sleep.
And while you sleep, it dries.
So you haven't done it, and then you go pee,
and the tip of your wiener,
the hole, I believe, is probably just glued in the middle.
Right. Okay.
No, that's true.
Yeah.
No, I believe it.
I didn't want to...
I tried to be quaint with my language.
I didn't want to get all clinical and grody about it.
I need that.
All right.
So talking about D&D,
well, we have to decide like what character.
I mean, I will throw that to you and Spencer.
Like, Spencer, what do you think?
Yeah.
Yeah, what kind of characters do you want?
I'm thinking your guys are...
your emissaries of a church that is like going into strange lands.
Well, what's our platform?
Are we doing Pathfinder?
Let's just do Pathfinder.
Okay.
Are we allowed to?
Like, see so why?
Oh, I talk to those guys.
I use my plus two cloak of charisma.
And also a scroll of fireball.
That was great.
All right.
Okay.
So go on.
You want us to be emissaries of what?
Yeah.
So I don't want to tell the story of the story that I want to tell.
But yeah, you guys are your adventurers,
but you're from some sort of church.
You don't have to be like believers of the church.
You could be like, you know,
employees or contract laborers from the church or something.
But you're a team from the church.
Yeah.
So it's like Book of Mormon.
Yeah, that's what it's going to be.
Book of Mormon.
Well, I think I would like to be a very devout,
I know I could be like a hit man hired by the church
or a paladin that represents the church,
but it's all into, I think I would like to be,
because I kind of, I think my thing would,
I would like to be certain about things.
I would like to know exactly what I'm supposed to do.
I'm not saying from you,
I just mean like I would like to play a character
that gives me the relaxing, refreshing thing
of not being conflicted and confused.
And I'd like to like know like, oh, I have a religion.
And I'd like to know what the tenets of that religion are.
I mean, I'll make them up.
But if, you know, I'm not asking you to write me a religion.
I'm just saying like, I'd like to be a cleric.
Yeah, okay, great.
A cleric of that church, right?
Of that church that we're talking about.
Yeah.
Now, is it possible to still be Chad the Fire Liker
from the San Francisco show?
Yeah, definitely.
Okay, but I was, in that show, I was an elf druid.
But I like your drawing that you made
when he was a gnome druid.
Sure.
So I might modify and be the gnome druid version
of Chad the Fire Liker.
Great.
Whatever you like.
I like that.
I like it a lot.
All right.
Okay.
So do you want to, you want to like,
roll us like attributes and stats and things like that?
Yeah, that might take a week or two or something.
But also I think maybe we should make Steve Levy a character,
but I could handle that off Mike maybe.
Yeah, that's good.
And so then we just have three dudes, but here's the thing.
Like, like gender imbalance might,
with consistency might be better than like,
we used to have Aaron.
Yeah.
We could use, you know, but like,
I think what we all agreed upon after a while is that
these things keep falling apart because we keep rotating.
Right.
We don't need, we don't need people.
We want to have consistency.
We want it to be like a, like a, like a radio show.
And then it's like, oh, here's another chapter of this.
And everybody that played last week played this week.
And so that we have that kind of consistency.
It's also very common for when people are missing,
just to have them be missing.
That's, that's something that happens in games.
So we just do that.
Well, but not if you didn't anticipate them being missing.
I don't know.
We got, we got bogged down because sometimes Camille would not be here
and then Demorge would be here and then not be here.
And Curtis would, you know, like come and go and Aaron would come and go
and then went because, so it's, I think it's hard to keep track
of a weekly show when the, when the half the cast is never there.
So.
Right.
Yeah.
We had a golden age when it was just like a core.
So like Steve could play a woman or I could play a woman, you know,
but it wouldn't be true balance in terms of casting,
but it would be in terms of the mythology.
We could have like NPCs come up and be women or something.
Is that just pandering?
I think it's like, like, well, well, just all right.
I'm sorry.
I brought it up.
No, that's the thing.
I didn't want to buy it.
We have way too much show.
Way too much show.
Too much show.
But we've talked about it.
No, we're good.
It's happening.
It's moving forward.
Oh, like as it stands right now, you and I have characters,
possibly Steve Levy and that's moving forward.
Yeah.
All right.
Now let's figure out the rest.
Let's get on with the cavalcade of stars.
Okay.
Our first guest is a modern veteran of the television directing trenches.
He's directed many, many episodes of Always Sunny.
He's done tons of acting, too.
We can talk to him about that.
But the most noteworthy thing is his movie, Fist Fight, is coming out February 17th.
I think it's got Charlie Day and Ice Cube in it.
And let's bring him out my new friend, Richie Keen.
Did I get that right?
February 17th.
I'm so bummed I wasn't out here because you talked about two very important subjects.
Yeah.
And you pivoted amazingly from pissing to D&D, back to the double stream, back to D&D.
I'm passionate about both these issues.
I'm an OG D&D.
I'm Gary Gygax, first edition D&D.
And ladies, for those of you who don't understand the double stream,
there's women who are always wondering what's happened in there.
Why can't you hit it?
Yeah, they think we're...
This is something that's not...
You kind of just took the hit for everyone and got it out into the world.
I appreciate that.
But I don't want to hide behind, oh, my dick was glued shut every time.
Right.
We're also weird, lazy giants that can't fucking keep it in the bowl.
I feel like this could be your thing.
This could be a cause.
Yes, this could be your...
You could really get in front of this.
I wonder if shorter men are more popular with women in terms of toiletry and hygiene.
If a girl went out with a seven-foot guy and then goes out with a five-foot-five guy,
if she's like, oh, Michael's so clean.
He's so clean that they don't even really think.
Yeah, it's probably like...
Size is important.
The closer you're hanging...
Down there closer.
This is so exciting.
You don't have to be taller.
I'm almost six foot four.
And when I'm at home, I generally sit because it's time too far away.
This is another important issue.
You're sitting.
I'm tall about ten.
First of all, blessed is he that can sit down, as the Scandinavian poet once said.
Sitting is great.
We invented chairs for a reason.
They're important things.
But I'm going to splash.
I'm too goddamn far away.
Even if I nail it, even if I'm completely hitting the clown's mouth of the carnival,
making the balloon go up, I'm still just...
My reward for hitting the water in the middle of the bowl and not hitting the seat
is refractory pee or toilet water coming out.
You're very passionate about this.
I can see this.
I want to do the right thing.
I'm a nighttime sitter.
Really?
I sit at night.
In the middle of the night, if I got to get up, I don't want to put the light on.
It's going to be a disaster.
I only pee sitting when it turns out I have to pee.
When I have to take a poop, and then I'm like, oh, I had to take a pee.
See, I'm a nighttime sit-down peer, but I'm a nighttime stand-up pooper.
I stand a stand-up pooper.
That is a...
You're a rare breed.
That's a mic drop.
That's a mic drop on the subjects.
All right.
Well, okay.
So how did your career start, Richie, now that you're our new Hollywood friend?
Because you're about to blow up because this movie's probably very funny.
We talked about three o'clock high a lot.
I don't know.
Some amazing movie.
Some of the older fogies in the audience remember this movie, Three O'Clock High,
that was kind of like this cult hit.
It didn't really like...
It didn't make a huge splash.
There weren't nine sequels.
I don't even remember...
I met the actor that played the bully, I told you, at a party at Sam Simon's house,
and he looked identical, but I can't remember the actor's name.
Richard Tyson.
Okay.
Amazing.
Is he here?
What the hell?
That's it.
That was...
My name is Richard Tyson.
Frank Johnson from Johnson Management.
Also, I was in other movies.
I have two clients.
Sparkles the Horse.
I was in other films, too.
All right, we're talking over each other tonight.
How are we having...
Well, Three O'Clock High also, in an era of John Hughes movies where there was a lot
of hearts and a lot of big comedy, Three O'Clock High came out in that time, and it was dark
and just edgy, and the cinematography was so interesting.
It had more...
I remember seeing somebody talking about, you know, I don't know, directors forgive me
for a second.
I think they're very silly people.
They are.
That's a fair point.
They're confusing to me because they think about things I don't think about.
So when you meet a good one or one that understands you, I grab them and hug them and go, please
keep working with me forever, Justin Lin, okay, go do nine Fast and Furious movies.
But why didn't I talk...
So I was watching, Hitchcock, Hitchcock, like he was...
He fucked with you more.
It was like you were in the hands of a madman a little bit.
There's all these different ways to talk about directing, like the philosophies, and Three
O'Clock High.
John Hughes, I think maybe he...
If you researched it, and maybe you have, but he probably did things with his cameras
and his cutting that made you feel like you were on not only John Hughes' side, but that
John Hughes was on the character's side, whereas Hitchcock, for instance, and then also whoever
directed Three O'Clock High, they were kind of intentionally going, you don't know who
side I'm on.
I agree.
Hitchcock really did fuck with you a lot.
I mean, you see a movie like Psycho where you're supposed to be on one person's side
in 20 minutes and she's killed, and you're like, oh, fuck, what just happened?
And John Hughes, I agree, was very much very clear about whose side he was on.
It was the first time I was conscious as a kid in a movie theater watching Three O'Clock
High of all these like weird like dolly shots, like just kind of almost needlessly, it was
like, oh, that's a weird thing to do with the camera.
And apparently it was based on high noon, I assume, which I've never seen.
But because of the idea was, in the beginning of Three O'Clock High, the innocent kind of
like sweater clad, neb-ish character, not necessarily a nerd, but certainly not a jock.
He's just sort of a middleman in his high school biosphere, and he somehow accidentally
offends this.
He touches him.
That's the big rule.
You can't touch him.
And he says something like they run into each other at the urinal, and he says, I forget
what he says, but he slaps him on the back and, you know, Buddy Ravel turns around.
Buddy Ravel.
And he's fucked for the rest of the day.
And it was kind of like, that was after Ferris Bueller, right?
I assume that movie, because the guy was kind of, he looked, he had a broader look to him.
And he was sort of a, I think the thought balloon above his head, like everyone in the
audience was, I wish I was Ferris Bueller.
But why is it that when I try to be Ferris Bueller, I end up in the crosshairs of the
most terrifying man, this 35-year-old senior, who now is going to see me after school at
three o'clock, and the rest of the movie is just a psychological examination of your unraveling
as you wait for three o'clock to show up.
But an amazing journey to a lot.
Like, I remember as a kid just being, like, mesmerized by that movie.
Our movie is nothing like that, aside from the concept of there's going to be a fight
after school.
But I love Three O'Clock Eye.
I mean, I just think it's such a, it's such a movie worth revisiting, because-
Well, I wouldn't have brought it up if I thought it was nothing like it.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Well, no, I mean, the log line is very similar, which is there's going to be a fight after
school.
This just happens to be two teachers, and not two students, and what happens along the
way is very different.
But it's a similar sort of, what the fuck would you do?
The difference, I think, in fist fight is even though Ice Cube goes a step too far early
in the movie, as you go through the movie, if I did my job, and I hope I did, you might
be on his side as he continues talking about why he wants to do this, and as Charlie starts
to be sketchier and sketchier in his methodology of getting out of it.
So, it's a little bit more by the time you get to this big fight, I think my hope is
that you're sort of kind of like, oh, I don't know who I want to see win, and how this is
going to go down.
Whereas, I think in Three O'Clock Eye, you want him to get those brass knuckles and knock
Buddy Ravel out.
Right.
It's quit, you know, if you can.
Yeah.
Did you remember My Bodyguard?
Of course.
Yeah, okay.
I grew up in Chicago.
All those movies.
I grew up in the suburbs of Chicago.
I grew up in a huge country.
They were filming Ferris Bueller when I was a kid in my hometown.
My Bodyguard.
Those were all the movies of my youth.
I like about Three O'Clock Eye, because I love that movie, too.
But also, is it a play on Twelve O'Clock Eye?
It's not just Three O'Clock High School, like Three O'Clock High, but it's also like Twelve
O'Clock High.
It's a war film, right?
Oh, wait.
Oh, there's a movie called Twelve O'Clock Eye.
Yeah, there's an old war film from the 40s or 50s.
And Twelve O'Clock Eye, it's like, he's Twelve O'Clock High.
It's like fighter pilots talking about, like you're being attacked, like Three O'Clock
High.
I knew it was a high noon.
I mean, I took Three O'Clock High, like look to your three, and he's up there.
You have someone coming at you at Three O'Clock High.
Well, the focus is really on the time, so I just assumed that it was a high noon, because
I'm sure high noon is like, oh, at noon you're gonna fucking gunfight.
But school gets out at three o'clock.
That's what I'm saying, and you can't say high three o'clock.
You guys are agreeing, and you don't know it.
Right.
I want to step in and help.
I'm asking, I don't know if I'm conflating to things.
I don't know if that was an intentional war movie called Twelve O'Clock.
No one knows.
It wasn't.
There wasn't.
He's fucking drunk again.
You're like this, I said modern veteran, because I didn't want to say veteran TV director,
because then it sounds like you're 70, but you're, I mean, the TV director's life is
like very hand-to-mouth traveling, like Samurai.
Billy Lohman style.
You're never, I mean, as a guy who ran one of these shows, you never directed a community,
but you do.
I wish I had.
But like, the directors are like, we treat them like substitute math teachers, like even
the principal, if I could call myself that, treats them like substitute teachers, like
it's like, oh, welcome, shithead, get it done, and then they go down into the hot box with
the actors who are on their 80th episode, and the actors are like, I got this, like
watch this.
I call it the Allison.
Yeah, like, they direct themselves if they're worth their salt, and they'll like, they'll
bust the director's balls, and they make friends with some of them, and they torture some of
them.
But every show is different.
Every show is really different, and that's what's, there's certain shows that you come
into, and it's like, they want your help.
When I do, it's always something in Philadelphia, they're like, what do you want to do with
this?
What's your take?
What should we play with?
What's your plan, you know, and we'll do what you want.
Shameless is like, making a movie, they're just like, go do whatever you want.
John Wallace doesn't even have the writers on set.
You know, the Goldbergs, you're there to help.
I'm there to help.
I'm sure.
Adam Goldberg.
I'm there to help his vision.
So, and they're all fun and different.
It's really for me about point of view, someone who has a strong point of view that I could,
that I understand, and I can help and hopefully be additive, and there are certain gigs where
you're there just to help, and there are certain gigs where they need your help, and it's always
different.
And I was a private acting coach and acting teacher for a long time, and so I love to
mix it up.
When I hear someone's difficult, I'm like, let me in there.
When I hear an actor, oh, this actor's tough.
This actor's just really difficult.
I'm like, I can't wait.
Like that's fun for me.
I know I'm going to reach that person.
I know I'm going to find a way.
I always do, and it's like, that's really joyful for me.
Yeah, well, with Chevy the way into his, into his, I've heard the stories.
There would be directors that he would be like, is she coming back?
I love her.
You know, they'd be like, why does Chevy love that, that director, this director?
And it was like, they, you know, they weren't bad directors, but they were just like, they
saw the writing on the wall and were like, nailed it Chevy, and like, like, let's shoot
Chevy out.
You know, like, and he was like, I love that person.
Anyways, but I did want to ask you, like, so, so you're, you're kind of a man without
a country when you're, you're coming in because unless you direct a pilot, I don't know how
many people that are listening that are interested in working in TV versus features, no, like,
unless you direct a pilot, you're not really, you know, you don't have ownership creatively
or in actuality over that show.
So you are just coming in and you have like this really stringent period of time to shoot
your episode, to prep your episode, to shoot your episode.
And then you have like a little temporary office that's never going to be the best one.
It's like, there's no potted plant, director from last week has their shit still there.
There's like, there's like, scrawled switchblade carvings in the wall that are like, like,
like, don't eat the beans or the cake is a lie.
The, the, but you, and then, and then you have to, you know, it's like, you're always
under the gun.
There's like all this shit probably politically, like trickling down and you're not, the wine
producer might show up on the set and say, Oh, always, you got to eliminate three shots
and all this stuff.
So then you have to have this like clinical relationship with it.
And then you have to do your director's cut and you have like a week to do that, right?
And then at the end of that week, no matter where you're at with that edit, you got to
go do another show.
Otherwise you won't pay your rent, right?
So I guess my question is how within that weird clinical morass, how do you find the
pride?
How do you find the empathy?
How do you find the passion?
It's like any portfolio of work or anything.
You do a pilot and you have ownership.
I have a pilot that I did a couple of years ago.
It's still going.
It's paying for my wedding.
Okay.
Then you go do an episode of a show that you really love the people on and you're there
to help and you're cool with whatever the show runner does with your edit.
Then you go make a movie and it's a year and a half of your life and it's all yours.
And there's pros and cons truly to all of them.
So for me, I started so late that it's a miracle that I get to do any of it.
I was a comic.
I was an actor.
I was an acting teacher.
So for me, that anyone wanted my help to begin with, I'm one of those annoyingly truly
grateful people who can't believe he gets to do it at all.
And so it's a bonus when I come be a guest on a show and they're like, what do you think?
And I find that that happens not more and more as I return to the same shows over and
over again.
But how do you keep from falling into the sand traps of either A, getting so excited about
this episode of Sonny in Philadelphia, you're like, this is going to be fucking amazing.
But I needed more time and I didn't have more time like, how do you keep from throwing a
shoe and going like, no, I need, let me do, let me take the weekend in the edit bay.
Like I'm almost done with my director's cut.
That happens.
And I'm lucky that the shows I work on are shows I really dig and I really dig the showrunners.
So if there's a situation where I feel like, if I could just get a little more time, either
I'll ask for it or I know they're going to, they're going to elevate it.
So why am I fighting?
What's frustrating is when a line producer understandably is worried about something
that I know you need and you're in the writing room and you're not there.
And that's a very tricky political situation and I know I have to get it.
And then I just have to be difficult and say, sorry, bro, I'm shooting it.
And, but I don't, everyone's while I throw a shoe, everyone's while my best self doesn't
come out because of the things we're talking about.
But for the most part in television, I'm there to help unless it's a show like the ones I
do a lot of, which is no coincidence, where they feel they want my additive value.
Does that make sense?
Yeah.
Jesus Christ, was that boring?
Let's go back to pissing and D&D.
Well, why don't we, why don't we spice things up by bringing some of your Chicago friends
out here or fellow Chicago natives?
I think we'll, as I understand it, we have, do we have, I mean, this shit gets dropped
on me like a fucking sandbag.
Not in charge of when shit goes wrong.
I'm only in charge of when shit goes right.
That's a nice, that's a good job.
I think that was on Harry Truman's desk on that little sign.
It's certainly on Trump's.
I mean, well, why don't we, let's, let's bring Dino Sabatopoulos out.
Yeah.
No, you don't have to move down.
All right, Dino's doing lines in the back.
Wow, you're going to be careful with those.
I'm in big trouble, buddy.
What happened?
I did this graphic novel like 20 years ago and you had an artist work for three years
on it and hardcover and hi, Richie.
You guys, I was his intern in 1994, that's a true story.
I didn't, I wasn't sure he was my intern, but then I made him say, hey, can you read
my script, please?
Yeah.
And then I knew exactly who it was.
It was me.
It's a true story.
Uh, I made 2000, we printed 2000 of these and no one's going to buy them.
I got a fucking copy.
I'm sure that's not true, Dino.
Woo.
I feel like it's like an infomercial.
No, believe me, I fucking, I brought my guitar, I'm going to like, I'm going to do it like
a little monkey tap dance here.
I brought Scott Attson and Brita Phillips.
Oh, yeah.
I heard a gasp.
They're way more popular than me.
You mean Pete Hornberger from 30 Rock and the, the singer whose name I stole for the
character of a Brita.
That's right.
Yeah.
I was going to bring IO Perry too.
The other half of the name, like who's, who's foibles I stole for the car.
Yeah.
She's in my band.
Sorry about everything.
That's the name.
No applause.
Nothing.
Because they don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, you're late, you're late blooming, which is an exciting thing.
I started a band at 52, fucking nightmare.
We're doing a gig actually on Saturday at, at star burns at, at super tight and my drummer,
our drummer, it's not my band, it's our band.
And the drummer couldn't make it because it's his birthday and he planned this thing,
you know, in Vegas for, he said, whatever you do, don't have a show on the 18th and
now we have a show on the 18th.
And so I was on Facebook and one, a couple of my friends who were married and fucked
and had a baby and the baby grew up to be 12 years old and now he's drumming on Facebook.
So I asked if he could drum and he's going to come and drum with us.
No, I want to come.
That's amazing.
You never know.
Sometimes you wake up to a carpet of ants, sometimes one of them turns into a drummer.
That's an amazing thing about our bodies.
We just shoot out torpedoes that either we're talking about a carpet of ants because I talked
about it on a scale.
Yeah, I just said that you guys, I just heard you and Dan brought that up, but I just today
was listening to you and Andy talking about how ants love to come.
I did not know that they go nuts.
They like they'll visit.
Let me do an imitation of an aunt just coming upon come like again, here's what you want
to, here's what you want to spend $5 to subscribe to Harmontown so you can see.
The visuals of what Dino's about to do.
This is a normal aunt.
Let's just say you're come.
Okay.
He's going about his business.
Oh, shit!
Oh, where are the guys?
Where's everyone?
Which way do I go?
They literally go nuts when they taste the come.
It's awful.
Do you think it's maybe, here's a theory, maybe it's because ants, ants are so sophisticated
as carnivores that they can taste DNA and they, and they, and they're tasting the sophistication
of a primate, which is like they don't even, their brain can't process it.
Their aunt tongues are like, this is beyond grilled octopus.
I don't think so.
I think it's, I think it's I drink pineapple juice and it tastes great.
Oh, he loves pineapple juice.
That's the camera.
Ants love pineapples.
They do.
All right.
Well, we only have one extra chair, Dino, so you, you, I understand you brought 17 people
from your show.
They don't, they can't even sit here.
I got my, my drawing room back.
I want to, I want to help you.
You guys are both from Chicago.
We should talk a little for a second.
I'm from Milwaukee, which is much colder.
And shittier.
Yeah.
In general.
Fireworks.
But, you know, why so many, I think a lot of everyone in Los Angeles that works in television
is, is, is from Chicago.
I wonder is what, what, what, what that is.
Second city.
Well, funny.
You should ask.
Uh, I have no idea.
No, I, uh, I was thinking about that too because I, I grew up and I wanted to do nothing
else but comedy.
And I think it was just coincidence that Chicago was a comedy based city.
I think, you know, I'm just a goofy, ugly guy who got picked on a lot.
So of course I wanted to get a new comedy.
You're beautiful.
Oh my God.
Come on.
Yeah.
Well, that's where I know you from.
You're, you're down here.
Thanks for letting me audition for that sketch.
I never fucking read it.
You sucked me off and I didn't even read your sketch.
When did you, you guys were, you're talking about Conan.
Yeah.
He was your intern.
I was an intern.
Yeah.
The first summer on the air, I was the general office intern.
So this guy, Smigal, Louie, Louie with the trumpet and the gum thrown against the wall.
And I couldn't believe it.
I couldn't believe it.
He had a trumpet.
I don't remember that.
He was walking around the trumpet and he never played it.
He, I don't think, I know he didn't play the trumpet.
He had one.
So he was like, hadn't he?
One day he, he spit his gum and he threw a trumpet and it just stuck to the wall.
Something like that.
Were you there when we had the kitten running around too?
I don't remember the kitten.
There was a kitten called, we were going to call this show night night with Conan O'Brien,
but they wouldn't let us at NBC.
So we named a kitten night night and it just wandered around everywhere.
And everyone loved this kitten.
And then Max Weinberg came and he was like, I'm allergic to kittens and we had to get
rid of it.
What a dick.
He's a dick.
Right?
He was a dick.
He literally was a dick.
I didn't like him.
I had, he threatened to beat me up a few times.
It's that Bruce, it's that East Street band, Moxie, you know?
Yeah, except Bruce had talent.
I heard, I heard that he couldn't even keep a beat.
Like keep time.
Let's get a Twitter war going tonight.
I think, I will say with Chicago, I mean, I can only speak about my experience, but
like between getting exposed to all the movies filming there, my bodyguard, the John Hughes
stuff, and having Second City that you go to, it occurred to me that comedy was something
you could do as a job.
And it wasn't just something that happened far away.
I think that for me was part of it.
Yeah, because you're a good looking guy.
I'll take it.
But we don't have anything to compare.
You scratched my back.
I'll scratch yours, my friend.
Because I mean, I grew up in Milwaukee, which is like a smaller, I'm going to offend my
Milwaukee brethren.
It's a smaller Chicago.
It also had its own little smaller comedy community, you know, like, so I have to wonder
like, okay, maybe if you grew up in a town of 200 people, I guess maybe you didn't grow
up around comedy clubs and, I don't know.
Like, I mean, I, I don't know what my point is, like, what am I trying to scientifically
prove there's something in the water in Chicago that makes them move to L.A.?
I'm not sure.
I do think Second City, a lot of people came out of Second City as like a breeding ground
and I don't know why it might be like maybe people in Chicago are like, well, I got to
move to one of two bigger cities and I don't want to move to the fucking dirty one.
And I'm sick of the cold.
Right.
I'm sick of the cold.
I look like a fucking more complicated one.
Right.
Yeah.
That's probably what it is.
It's like, yeah, forget it, brother.
Okay.
But Scott Atson is also from Chicago?
Right.
Is that, is that a good sign?
Scott Atson, everybody!
Scott Atson!
Who's also from Chicago?
That guy is famous.
Scott Atson!
I seen that guy on TV.
Also from Chicago.
Hi.
No, no, please just you're an you're an aunt to my come
Help yourself I
Was gonna make a baby with this one day, but I'll make more
There's a lot of fat ants out there because
They can't get back into the
And that guy jerks off a lot
Hi, Scott. Hi
Dino brought you out to talk about he had
Yeah, sorry. Well, no, no, no
Chicago when I moved to New York because I'm more complicated than these people
Didn't you move to LA first though?
Do you know do you know you moved to New York as well for a time and then you move from New York to LA on
912 yes, yeah, no first I moved LA and then then I went to New York all the travel they bro. Yeah
Yeah, no, I we saw this this is a funny story. We saw the second plane hit out our window
Uh
Luckily, it wasn't a plane window. We were we were actually in our house and I was like check, please New York
And I was like all three stooches
I just love that concept because I it tickles me so much because the the flowchart your brain goes through is like
Oh, you're not you're not supposed to have that reaction because that's cowardly like your job is to stand there and get out of
sword
Bring another one
well, you know people did help drag out bodies and stuff, but you know
Sorry everyone, but I had a daughter, you know
She was like two years old and we're really close and we're living there and and like the fumes of
Everything was coming in people are getting sick
So by the way, I talked to a kid in New York who works for a law firm who you know under the Obama administration
There was attention paid to this because it otherwise, you know, wouldn't have been not to not to
Suck a previous administration stick too hard, but doesn't take that much these days
Probably people people in Arkansas that are Obama lovers right now, but the the the the
There was a you know, he his administration said, you know, come on. There's there's been
You got fucked up if you were lived near ground zero like it's bestest and all this shit. Anyways, I don't know
Yeah, I got out of there and also I had you know, I have this amazing little, you know carrot dangling called
writing for master of disguise
Now master of disguise was I knew you were gonna grab onto this
Uh Dana Carvey movie about a guy who these kids grew up on that movie. So, you know that movie?
There's probably you know, you know was brought in to save it. Yeah, I rewrote I rewrote 90% of it and
then
Adam Sandler came in and took my 90% out and threw it away and put in fart jokes and bush jokes and everything I
I I
Wish I could show you my cut because I I don't have it and so you're never gonna believe me that I
It was better
The idea that there's a fucking masterpiece
version of master of disguise
It's not outside the relevant
Wasn't a masterpiece, but god damn it. It was kind of fun. They shot your version. Yeah, they shot it
Re-editing re-editing disaster. Yeah, yeah, he had a friends and family screening and they said we're not gonna take any notes from them
We're just you know, it's just the friends and family
Every note they took every note brutal. Yeah more farts was the main joke more farts
One one joke and I'm probably gonna bury myself because you're probably gonna go that sounds bad
but if you remember halfway like he has a little puppy called the cuteness which wasn't out my
idea, let's a little puppy because the
I
Forget who like with Sony said we need a little puppy in this you yeah, so it showed up and
Halfway through the movie it just got lost and then the grandfather came in that and he was the master of disguise, right?
Sounds bad. Yeah. Yeah, so I didn't write any of that and then halfway through the the grandfather comes in
He's supposed to be a master of disguise and the puppies never talked about again
So my idea was that the grandfather was there the whole time. He was in the little puppy costume
And then he came out and then at the end they're like we missed the cuteness. He's like, oh, I hate dog food
All right, and he has to go back and be a puppy for the rest of his life
You know puppy awesome and the big note was
Like parents were going don't kill the puppy at the end. It's like you're not we're not killing a puppy
We're bringing it back to life. I mean, yeah, didn't make any sense whatsoever fucking hate Adam Sandler
Ben Stiller Adam Sandler Max Weinberg. They can all fuck themselves
The big moment it's a big moment someone's gonna catch I hate those guys. I hate those guys
They ruin my life. What do you hate? Look at me? What are you two thousand books, and I'm not gonna sell I
Mean so the views of Dino don't reflect some of the bridges that I haven't burned yet
I think there's like two or three or those that I I prefer to burn my own
I'm almost there, but I soon I will have a box of two thousand books
And I'll be happy that way
And you should be happy too because you're a joyful life master that everyone looks up to
All right seven people agree you don't want to be this guy's intern
What's it like Dino sitting next to an intern who has a better career than you
All the interns who's
Matt our intern on Mike our intern on sometimes live
Matt became a big writer for cause be right right and and that
Arden Arden Arden Arden Mirren was Arden Marine Marine Arden Marine party machine. Yeah, she was she's doing way better than me
Conan he's doing great
He was your intern
No, I think he started wait no he was a yeah, I can't remember where did he come from?
How did he get that show?
Is Weinberg still doing anything is there a risk to burning that bridge he plays with Bruce Brink?
I I burnt I burnt that bridge when I was on Conan. Yeah, and he you know, it's a little bridge
And I think it was built on fire
That guy's a dick, what's your beef with Weinberg?
Well, he treated his band really badly and tell the story. All right, well tell the music story
That's right. I forgot. I told it on skull juice, but you guys don't mind hearing it again
Assholes
But for Max Weinberg
Ben Stiller
What's the other guy Adam Sandler and this fucking audience could all go fuck themselves
These guys are going places. I don't know. They're already more successful than me. I
Had a beg to come on this show you guys are just here
so
One of like the Zappa brothers were on like this is back in 1992 93 and they wanted to come out
I think I'm it wanted to come out and sing
What's new pussycat and so Frank smiley who?
Yeah, is he still there? Yeah, you could use your mic to sorry. Yeah
He's the the audience. What do you call him?
The audience guy. Yeah, no, not the audience guy the guest guy. He's the segment producer segment producer. Yeah
Dude, I was an intern on the fucking show you wrote for you. Don't know
I just wrote the ha ha's. Okay. Yeah, so so Frank smiley
knocked on the band room door and
And Max answered the whole band is there and for ink says hey
Dweezel one or I'm it wants to do what's new pussycat and the band's like, oh, yeah, we love that son and and
And Max stood up and he said oh wait wait wait wait wait hold on a second
Hold on I said Frank come with me and he he goes outside shuts the door and he's yelling at Frank
He's like, you know, I need
48 hours notice we have to make them we have to write the notes out
We have to do all this we have to and as he's screaming at him the band inside starts playing. What's new pussycat?
And just Max just that's the greatest fuck you I've ever heard
He's like, all right. All right. Well, I'll make it happen
It probably wasn't even a fuck you though. It was just they were that excited and he was
And he was moving that quickly to block. No, it's because he had no I they had no idea
I was going out there to say we can't do that's because he gets money to write the charts for it
Yeah, and they they got a lot of shit for it. We know I was like, no, I write it because I get paid for it
Like no, we could do it right now. That's right
He got paid and he didn't write anything Jimmy Vavino wrote all the the music, you know
Max Whamberg has him killed
Did I make that up well the band didn't like Max and like when shits like that happened Max would go off on them and they
would and we would talk as I was friends with the band and they were like, he's such an asshole and and
And they're like, please don't say anything
on a podcast
Well, he's not there anymore, but
Because I think once I brought it up and it was even worse for them. So
so I had this bit called to marry the ostrich where I got into an ostrich costume and
Thank you
you're my biggest fan and
so I would come out every once in a while and
just the whole bit was just like going out in this ostrich costume and hitting people with the head in the neck and and stuff and
One time when the band was complaining. I said don't worry. I'll get max and
I get it went out and they're you know, they're playing this song
then and then and then and then the just dumb ostrich comes out and I take the head and I start bashing his drum set and
knock and I knocked over a cymbals that broke them and
shit and and then I did my bit and left and
Enter it might have been you someone came up to me and said get the fuck out of here max is going to break your neck
And I fucking ran home
And he and he asked for my check that week for your check for the tomorrow the ostrich check, which is
He's like he's not getting paid for that ostrich stint
And he got my three hundred dollars. I would have never seen him chewing out you in an ostrich costume
I've yelled at people with the ostrich legs and that just stomped away with the big feet
I remember saying to the the head writer at the time. It wasn't smuggled with some other head writer
I'm like you just settle for shit and I walk away in the
flopping in the big feet
Look like an idiot. I'm not a musician expert person, but but I think if you can break
Symbols you should get that money back from the Guitar Center
Like if there's symbols their job is to
Crash yeah, that's what he said. They broke. I don't know yeah, come on max Weinberg. Yeah, hate him
He probably voted for Trump. Oh
I guarantee it if he thinks symbols can break
Then he thinks democracy can be fucked with turns out it can't I thought so too. I'm embarrassed now I
Found out my mom my mom my mom
I don't know if my mom wants me to talk about it
But I want to talk about how good it feels when you find out that somebody you were afraid to ask
Who they voted for you know like turns out to you know my mom
I don't know. I'm hard on my mom like like like myth mythologically like I call her a lizard woman and stuff
I
Lot I like your mom. She never raised me badly
But when I got home from lax like when I accidentally protested by landing on top of the protest for an airplane or thing
I
And I kind of tweeted the play-by-play of it and I got home and she texted me and and
She sent me a picture of her in a pink pussy hat and it was
I was afraid to ask I thought I really thought I was very comfortable thinking I just assumed my Wisconsin parents
You know that they voted for for Trump, and I really didn't want to know that yeah next Thanksgiving will be way less awkward for you
Yeah, I mean I guess I don't really go there for Thanksgiving
Guess I'm kind of maybe now. I'm officially the bad the bad family member
What do you guys know you don't even know who Max Weinberg is?
You and you ood like it was like
It's a feud it's a few the mummies are fighting
That's gonna those the bandage industry is never gonna be the same you don't care all you care about is hatred
That's all you care about look where it got you
Yeah
All your all your policing of each other's language, you know
That's just to just set up those fucking four-champ people to be like my feelings are hurt as a Nazi
They're making fun of us now
We got to just beat them up my gut my gun came today. Oh it did I didn't know you were telling everyone
Yeah, well here we go
As you know, I hope the nice thing about a gun is that you never have to
I should just tell everyone I have a gun, right? That's true. It works. I know I'm not going over to your house anymore
I'm gonna put a sign on to my house. I have a gun and I'm not sure I know how to use it
I
Might go off while I'm just waving it around
So save me for last also don't don't beware the dog. They're very placid
And they don't know how to use the gun either
So Dan when you bought the gun when you said I'm gonna get a gun. What was the motivation? What did you picture using it for Trump?
No, no, no, no, I
Had to kill Trump that he was elected president and now you we should be you just don't want to be a sitting duck
It's start. It's yes
It's start it started with me being scared of general destabilization
And then the first and then I saw I had Spencer start researching like well
What do you do when you want to get one and Spencer did some research and it's like well one of the things
I learned is 10-day waiting period. Okay for a handgun in LA
and
And then during the first 10 days of this administration so much shit happened that I was like, okay
I'm not you know a 10-day waiting period is exactly the amount of time you want to I was just like
I don't know why I will want this
I have to assume I may need it that I will want it twice as much 10 days right right right the first 10 days was a doozy
It looked very familiar to anyone who didn't fall asleep during 10th grade history class
Like it looked real fucking familiar and and and I just I kind of sometimes I talked about with my therapist
She asked me the same thing. What's it for?
Is it for you as it for you know, it's like like
Look, it's it's for
Sometimes it's for the fact that like I think it's just a general state of like it's for the fact that all of my control over my
My recourse to representation my recourse to sanity and stuff like that being taken away. It's like I'm this white privileged
Dude, that's just like it's my first experience with it
Those those nerve endings have never been stimulated
So I just fucking wandered out and bought a power tool. That's like the same
You know, it's like like no sometimes you might want to put a hole in another person at some point
Like like it's like a black and decker commercial in your head. It's just like don't be caught off guard with
It's just sort of like like sometimes in my head if the dust is attacking you
So sometimes sometimes in my head
It's just a general destabilization thing where it's like like like I want to have it in a locked case somewhere in my home
so that if
Because of all this domino effect of all the shit that's being caused by people who are rank amateurs in the White House who are
just think executive orders are just like fucking office memos and and
and and purposely causing destabilization and also out and out calling out to cities and
States and saying I don't I don't recognize your sovereignty like like like all this talk going on
Sometimes the thought in my head is like this is a this is as close as we're ever gonna get in our lifetime to a situation that could cause
plummets of
infrastructure on a on a level that would make me
responsible for the food and water of like a large group of people in my neighborhood and I and and so
Maybe that guy should have a gun because for friendly reasons
Because they won't listen to a whistle around my neck. I don't know like like I don't what maybe I'll maybe I end up in charge of
19 kids, you know
I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't want to wait until the moment. I'm like I
I think I think it's the apocalypse and Dan Harmon never wanted to be a father
That's it come ever
And the funny thing about the end of the world is they did yeah, you just never there's never enough time
To prepare for it and you just kind of go. Yeah, what's this? What are some of the tools? I'll need
I mean, I'm also getting a water filter. I'm not
Exclusive I'm not exclusively going. How will I kill people? I'm like how like I'm obsessed about all these details
And one of them is like like I think or so
Yeah, did you did you talk about going in and buying this yet?
Cuz one of my favorite things that you said when you walked in is like it's they're so excited to see it's like a sushi restaurant
It is
When you actually start looking around for them in Burbank, it's like holy shit
They're like I just I don't think this is it's very much of an exaggeration come out of hiding these places
You did the street that we went on it had like nine
It was like there were three on a block. Yeah, and they weren't that there's like are they competing with each other
They had sandwich boards out front like a boutique restaurant like like nine millimeter ammo half off and stuff. Yeah
Hey, I'm helping out
Sorry, I like it when you talk. Thanks. Me too. No, they're very
They're very excited about new gun owners at gun stores for obvious reasons old gun owners probably probably die
They're like hey, it's like buying a motorcycle. Yeah, exactly. We're not we're not what's not catered to our base
We need to swell our ranks. I don't know anything about guns
Welcome to people boys in
All right, yeah, but anyways my 10-day waiting period is up. So now I'll have a little I'll have a locked case in my home
Put a gun to their heads Lee and tell them to buy some Trent books
Buy some buy it by I like segues. Yeah, we got Britta back there
We could sing a song you want to do a selection from your from your comp from your graphic novel
Which is also a musical about it's the it's a world's first musical graphic novel
I haven't done a lot of research on that
But I'm pretty sure I mean I googled musical graphic novel and mine was the only one that came up
So maybe if I had
But there was musical and then graphic novel and then just me if ice if I step over here behind Spencer
You'll have this space to play your guitar. Oh, yeah, and then and then Britta could come out and sing a selection or without Scott
So, all right, let's rotate and bring up Britta. You can talk to her
Before she starts talking she was the voice the singing voice of gem in gem in the Argonauts hologram hologram
Oh, thank you. And and what else were you you were in your Luna?
Talk about yourself
I don't like to talk about myself, but I I like to show up wherever Dino says to come and she was the voice of
Blobberta on moral oral. Yes, and she was also
Elizabeth in Frankenhol Frankenhol
Dan took the mic oh
No, you should keep it. I know I can use Spencer's here
Okay. Yeah, Spencer never talks. I
Like it when you talk he picks his shots
So
Yeah, what were you saying? I just want you to point at me when it's my turn to sing
So anyway
Yeah, if you guys know moral oral at all
Well, if you like third season of moral oral, which is what got me canceled and in trouble
You'll like Trent because it's really depressing
But it's uplifting a little bit too, right? I don't want to give away too much about it
It's about hope and people are traditionally in the market for
Synicism and depression but even now in in today's political. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I know
It's the word. I know it's the worst time to bring a dark black novel out
You know, it's such a dark black time
It should sell really don't buy it don't buy it
It's not cheap either
Aren't you I looked at the price
Like really why should really selling it like if someone gives you $25 on this stage, won't you give them a book from that box?
You have it's not $25. It's
2499 and a penny. So you're saying it's something it's something nobody wants and it's
$15 and $16
Wait, what?
No, the ship is sailed
No, I will sell it for $20 here and and these guys will we you sign it to
Richie, I can't wait to sign. Yeah, you have you had nothing to do with it, but maybe you'll direct
It's 9-11. I
I actually made it because I want to make a stop motion movie of it and really bore everyone silly
So maybe you could direct it. I can't wait to read it. I want Scott in Britain to do the main voices
Well, we we can't wait to read it
Why don't you why don't you get out your guitar gonna get out my guitar you guys talk
All right. Well
So here's the thing
Thursday
This audience is the only one that's gonna know in time
at
Starburns Industries in Burbank on the stages where we shot anomalies, so
uh, we're gonna do a little dry run a little test of
of
using those facilities to
To do to do the Harmontown stream from there
So it's good and there's other stuff too. There's a super tight show. They're going on that night
So where where where can we leavey where where can we refer to people so that in my drunkenness
I can just tell them like go somewhere and check it out and that doesn't exist
But I mean, it's it's at the castle 1101 West Isabel Street Burbank
8 p.m. Thursday
There'll be a big super tight lots of bands and stand-up comedians performing
It'll be a big party. It'll be booze free booze and
Get in to right free to get in but it's not all ages because there will be free booze there. So
Right 21 and up so and and and
But how do we how to what if I'm listening at home and I'm in LA and I'm like, oh, I want to go to that
What if what if I'm the 500th person to show up? Am I going to get turned away at the door?
Yeah, yeah, there's fire code
But Kevin Day said he'll put up all the information on Harmontown comm so you could just check out the front page
Okay, so go to Harmontown comm if you're hearing this and you're close enough to Burbank to come and
participate in a cost-free
minus your gas money
Experiment in live streaming HD
Extravill life and enter in the the code underage drinking
Guys you got to really buy the book now because I broke the box I brought it in there's no way to bring them all home
Fucking nightmare. Don't buy that old scam
I
Have 40 boxes back there the old broken box trick look at it's a handsome book
Britt, did you want to read from the blurbs in the back of people who?
read it
Well with the mic in your face
Trent is trenchant funny disturbingly and unremittingly strange
How it results in something so touching is anyone's guess maybe it's the singing and who who said that?
Charlie Kaufman
Wait now breathe it better read the last one to breathe read the bottom. Oh, no. It's funnier if they okay
Wendell they get worse as you
Go down the last one. No, no second one second one second time. Okay as
pessimistic as Trent is
It still ends up hopeful in its own sick way
And who said that Andy Richter Andy Richter. Okay. All right next one
Now this guy you could tell didn't really like it this next year
The Dino wrote the greatest scenes on mr.. Show. Here is a book that digs deeper into his alternate in universe
comic and
Unsettling it's a perfect dose of Stamatopoulos
Stamatopoulos. Oh, Stamatopoulos. Sorry who said that Bob Odin Kirk Bob Odin Kirk
You know I talked to him. He's like it wasn't for me
But you wanted his name on the book
But you know I said you could say anything and I'll print it so and then hit and then the next one halfway through
Bold original painfully real will finish tomorrow
He never he never finished it who never finished it Dana Carvey Dana Carvey
Never finished it. He had a much better review, but Sandler changed it
You guys read what Dana Carvey didn't okay
All right next this is the last one. I'm not sure who this would appeal to who said that David Cross. Yeah, so
Bo the nightmare my life's a nightmare
Both Bob Bob and Dave. Yeah, didn't like it. Yeah
Yeah, yep 25 dollars
$24.99, but I'm selling here for 20. All right, it's probably gonna go down
This is the worst telethon ever
He can't even afford a real box to put it in
You guys ever stay in a five-star hotel and you get room service and then the and then the guy comes in the room
And it's like Jesus Christ like he knows less about your order than you do
Like he's just he's in your bedroom functionally, and it's like you and your you're in your bed and you're in your underwear
And he's going like oh, I got a quesadilla
Like yeah, I know
And then a Diet Coke, why are you reviewing it?
He doesn't and then it was like it holds up a croissant and goes like I think it's
It's a moonbread like
You're a stranger in my bedroom get out. I came here to get away from people
Get out of here. I want the food to come in a tube
What is your crazy person coming in here talking about I don't know what what about sitting down here makes you into Schrab
See Spencer, that's what you gotta do just interrupt. Oh, yeah, so Rob's job is everybody Rob
I bring him out here. He doesn't want to come out Rob Schrab
Don't stop on the books
We don't have enough people out here
Rob Schrab
I resent being told I was interrupting. I mean, are you gonna do your song? Yeah
Hello, Dan
Hey Rob
Um, can we hear the guitar?
Yeah, yeah, you're the best at listening to guitars. Yeah, you hear it
Is it you hear it? I hear it. I hear it
Check one two check check one two
Yeah, yeah, yeah, we didn't plan this out anyway, this is a song that comes in like
Beginning of the third act so you won't know what it's about, but it's kind of a pretty song
But something has happened to their family. How many acts are in this three acts, you know
I was asked about the sound department. Do you have volume control on your guitar? And if so, can you turn it up a bit?
It's all up. Let's do that
How's that?
Is there something wrong with it? It's a new guitar. They just they just wanted it louder for the for the audio, right? I know I
Say turn up a little bit more. Well, no, it can't go up. Okay, but it's a pretty song
Should we all come back later? I
Thought you made fun of him not me. I like you Dino's book is now $17 everybody
$17 thank God if it gets any cheaper we're gonna have to print 2,000 more
The nice thing is that you can you've got all the broken box, but you got all these books you can build a new box out of
You can take the returns home in that I really hate my life
You want to tell them you want to set up the song at all do you want to do I need to yeah, you think you should
I don't know. I don't want to spoiler alert it for everyone who's not gonna buy it
But I don't know if the song will resonate like you want it to if they don't know what's going on
Yeah, let's really get to the bottom of this
Let's really stick their thing this through. Yeah
You're not gonna help you just want to you're just gonna yell at us
Okay, it's not it's not a spoiler to say it's about pregnancy, right? It's about pregnancy something happens to their baby. It
lives
On what page every two things babies do
One of them is they they grow up to be people
There's a lot of things that could go wrong with a baby. Oh, that reminds me of a story
You know that story about my friend
I was watching a movie outlawed Jesse Wales with my friend and my brother was there and he had seen it and at one point
My friend asked my brother
Does this character die and I'm like don't whisper it to him. I don't want to know
So my brother whispers if he died or not and then we start watching some more and my friend turns to him and says when?
When does he keep living?
That's story so funny. I've already told it when you weren't here
I've actually already told it's not got a big one. No. Yeah, they don't care
Okay, so
It's a pretty song. I'm probably gonna screw it up. What what do you want? What?
You sing everything I gave you
Okay, I'm so mad at you right now
Yes, you used to shout
You used to shout and now you're so quiet instead you failed and that takes away
All your squeal
It's really not the end trend
But don't deny it
Although you're feeling nothing still I know how you feel
You were young so young
You couldn't have known better. I
Want you to know that
I'm not mad
You are my son
Trent
And I am your father
Though, I know you'll never hear it. You can just call me dad
Jack sheep, have you?
Did you feel neglected?
Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
I've been my fault from the start
One for the master and one for the day
I'm expected, I promise to always do my part
Pretty, right?
All right
That was good. We didn't we didn't rehearse it or anything. So we should all I think we should all nod like muppets after they finish singing
So that song's inside the comic book. Well, here's the thing Spencer. Thank you
There's there's a website that you go
You could all hear it for free if you want and then buy and the book is now only 1599. Oh my god. It's a steal. I
Sort of got I'll go by that 1599 careful
1599 fit. Let's make it $15. I don't have change
Well, that's getting close to the ticket price for Richie Keen's movie fistfight, which comes out
I
Think you can even get some popcorn for that money. Hi Richie. Sorry
Sorry
It just went really dark, bro
I was like when on a writer at the SAG Awards listening to that thing when she's like what what's that? What's this piece? I
Know it's about that baby, but it's also not as funny as you think it is
It's not shock humor
No, right? It's not shock humor. Use the mic say no. Oh, yeah
It's very funny
And kind of touching and yes and moving and it's about hope. Yeah, this is gonna be the worst. You know how like in
When you're playing football as a kid and like the suckers walk back to the other side of the
Forget it
Logline on the book. This is gonna be the worst suckers walk back to my apartment with all these books
Do you know listen? It's a great book. It's a great play, and it will be a great movie
I need you and you're giving them away at $12 a buck. God damn it
All right, $12 you'll never get them at 12 anywhere anywhere else
What if you see them here like out on a shelf for five bucks next?
What if you scoop them up?
Take them out start setting up to sell them further after the show rush
That's what I'm gonna do. Oh, you want to get rid of me now. I
I want my chair back. All right. All right. I feel like I was gonna say something, but no, that's okay
Goodbye
Dino Stamatopolous
I was gonna play like walk-off music, but you have to put a guitar away fix your book box
Scott that's it in British Phillips everybody
I
How nice British just stole one of your books
Do my intern job again my intern job cleaning up after Dino that's good though when a when a mic drops that means something good
All right Schrab take a seat Schrab go park it out there. All right Rob Schrab
Front and center
Ready ready you want to stay out with us
You you want to my brother-in-law edited your movie Matt Freund. Oh my god. I love Matt Freund. Yeah
We are both for we were both first-time
Feature guys and we were like on a stakeout for eight months in a room together. He's fantastic. He's very talented and wonderful
Little inside baseball, but I do love the man. Yes, and and he edited Kumail's meltdown show correct
Who's also in fistfight? Yes, you're a 17 Kumail right Kumail's movie is really great. Have you seen the big set?
I haven't seen it. No, it's super great. But has anybody seen it?
Yeah, how do you see it? Are you the you were at Sundance?
Yeah, why him but how did I see it? Yeah, he got me into a screening. Okay. Well, okay, all right
You guys I just got a text from Dino. He's not gonna pay you four dollars for every book
He's giving away them and you get four dollars
I swore I would say whatever you did wait you said seven dollars
He he hates his book and money
So I'm working with you know, I'm right. I'm slowly writing a book for for a double day and I'm I
Have a friend who's helping me on it and they they have a kid a kid in a third-grade class and
This is the I just wanted to share this because I thought it was funny
This is the list of essay topics that the kids generated for a third-grade English class
These are the list of essay topics. There are third graders coming up with their own essay topics
So that for the children so they pick their own they're told you know, this is what an essay is and then okay
And these would be the title of these are third graders coming up with their own essay topics
Yes, for essays they'd like to write and they're in the third grade. Yeah
All right
Schrab has become Ed McMahon
You should help the homeless
The government should help the homeless
Those two are gonna get married
Uh wolves should be thought of more
People should have more kids
So kids are like no, they're like well, they're they're biased
Know that they're gonna be a great
That's a conflict of interest
I should have another I should have a sister. Yeah, they just want to they just think if enough people have kids
They'll be able to take over right
Kids should not bring devices on the bus
Everyone should get a kitten
You should go snorkeling you should it's fucking awesome. I love snorkeling. I love kittens
Shit sorry
You know that sweatshirt you can stay Scott if you like you want to stay and join us. Yeah Scott's gonna stay
Although do you know his book price went back up to $14
I've got those phone we can start calling famous people
Can we call Adam Sandler? Yeah, what he calls it just goes
These are third grade essay topics picked by third graders third grade essay topic
We're about a quarter of the way through the list right
These are written by third grade children children. They have chosen
Oh, they're not the essay these these are the titles of the essay. Yes, so you would know which essay you're talking about
Yeah, without reading the whole essay you could just do the title first. Yeah, I like everyone gets a kitten
So I don't I think Herbert Hoover ran on the same platform. Yes, I don't disagree with anything that these kids are saying
separate more kids
There is too much junk food comma and you should eat less junk food. That person's gonna write for Breitbart
See what's he speaking directly to you then
Every everybody should do rhythmic gymnastics
Okay, I'm not inclined to disagree with you. You lost beautiful sport
I think I think that kid was coached by her mom or his mom
I'd rather watch people do that than snorkel. I mean if you watch people snorkel
You see as a fucking straw floating around
Hey, don't you hate it when you see like an ad of people saying why they don't like Trump a really cogent arguments against
Trump and then they end it with like a kid saying a really
Articulate thing about why Trump shouldn't be the president because it undermines everything because the kid has just been coached
And you feel like all the adults have been coached. None of it has any real authenticity. I haven't seen I haven't seen these ads
Where we where we advertising Trump not being president these ads I made. Oh, I
Like they went there's one clip of a little girl a little girl in Scotland's interviews. She goes Trump is a cunt
I mean, I like that kid that set the fire that's true. Carrie's kids. You're a child
He adopted a boy. Hey young man. What's going on with this fire? Oh, I said it I
I set this fire because I fucking wanted to
Wait, what did he say about champion go fuck himself. I he said like the president's a piece of all right
You know, what are we doing here? These are essays essay topics written by third-grade got it
Robert we're fresh as on the premise right now, please. These are titles
They chose they chose they didn't write them. No, they haven't written the essays yet
They haven't written the essay submitted these essay titles. I mean, I imagine there's another round. These are the children
Yeah, okay, the third graders themselves. They picked their own essay topics. You know in my day
You'd be told you need to write an essay about Harriet Tubman. Oh, well, you know now we're more interactive
These kids are gonna break off. I knocked that camera
Yeah
It's Spencer's profile. Yeah, that I don't want to be on film anymore. Anyway, all right. All right. Can we
Do it digitally then okay? I bet the audience will figure out how to get it back. I don't know
Kevin you want the fixed?
I had a feeling he would be here. I'm a Christian trick. Chris. I'm a technician trick-nition Kris Boruff
Okay, back to back to back to back to work. All right
Rock rock
These are titles all right, these are titles that third grade English students came up with for the essays
I told you English students came up with
You should go to Universal Studios
You shouldn't
Now butter beer maybe but yeah, but what what what better needed essay than if we all like disagree
You know, like let's have this kid like let's let's give I want to read the passionate essay about that
We need more sushi
That's a good point
Yeah, I did I love that a third graders an expert in sushi though
Especially living in Los Angeles is one thing that we're really lacking is enough sushi restaurants
These are some of corporate interests. They're also like they all work for these conglomerates
The big they all work for Big Kitten. I should be on a basketball team
Oh my god, well then put that pencil down my friend
You're on a one-way
Trained to no sports town
I should get a new bike
Okay, this guy. Yeah, he just mistook it for a Santa list. So I should get an iPhone
I should get more room for my toys. There's a little little twist there Brent Brentwood kid
That is a spoiled kid. Yeah, I don't even want more toys
storage
Yes, I need to annex my sister's room to store my toys
I should get a dog
It's wearing a rut here of kids. I think they're looking at each other going
What is it essay topic? They're like, it's shit you get. Hey, Dan
Dan read those last to you like you were a really depressed guy. I
Should be in a basketball team
Like you haven't achieved anything and you know it I should get a new bike I
Should get an iPhone I should get more room for my toys
I should get a dog
You're just staring out the window
Okay, this one I don't understand I'll clear it up more people should be on DJ Lou
I've been saying this for years sounds sounds like something it sounds like a
A radio station that's somebody it could be the word league without the e on the end
No more people should be on DJ league if this school has a DJ league. I'm gonna kill myself. I
Was on their side a minute ago
Criminals should be caught on videotape
The problem is all the innocent people I caught on videotape my my child
But if you're saying I witness accounts are unreliable and police should have bodycams. Maybe we're sorry
Maybe that's what they overheard their parents saying
Okay, all right third-grade children. Yeah
Yeah, how old are you third-grade you nine nine years old where where where where these kids now
There were there they're bring him on
Bring them up. They're sleeping. They're sleeping. They're surrounded by kittens and dogs and snorkeling all over and iPods
Oh, oh shit. I'm sorry. This is the end it looked like these were two different things
No, the full thing is criminals should be caught on videotape because I witness cannot be trusted
And that little boy grew up to be big brother, right?
Yeah, or I mean, I know how is that when he was a little brother. How is I spelled?
I witness. Yeah, how is it? Is it I or is it? No, it's building the okay spelled like this
I witness
No, no, no, you just didn't know how to spell that row witness. What's that? You just didn't know how to spell no
Why do you think I came here tonight?
I should get a pet
how
Kid kid kids already burning up that dog topic
You should stop littering
old judgy
Dance is the best
Dance is the best you got to dance it out and should be caught on videotape
Basketball is the world's best sport and hockey is the best sport. I assume that last kid will beat up the kid above him and
All right. Yeah, those were third grade essay topics
That's kind of a desk piece. Yeah, I want to get those essays though
I want to see what they became. How did you how did you get a hold of those?
I am friends with a person who I'm working with that is they their kid is in this third grade class and their teachers
I'm hearing a lot of fun stories. I the other teachers whenever we have one fun story
Whenever we just name it. Just name it. What is the title?
What are the titles for this fun story? If you're a teacher and you are a fan of the show
Is this the title? I'd love you to come on the show. I always begging these people like I beg this
person this teacher because she wrote she's written some stuff like
She sends out an email to the parents and like the stuff that she says about teaching name one thing
She says I don't know if you're not gonna name a story. I don't have it
I don't have my word for it that she's an admirable person. Are there any teachers in the audience?
We can't see you so say something. Well, we don't want to it'll be some guy going
I lied buy my fucking sponge that I make very wash in your car. It might be Dino, but
It'll be a sponge that keeps you from slitting your wrists. It'll be I can't kick them off stage
Remember when Dino came out with a box full of books and pretended the box broke so all the books spilled out across the floor
And tried to elicit our pity so we would buy his book
In entertainment news, did you guys know that this this guy? It's not 17 dollars. Taika Waititi. He signed on to direct
This crazy stop-motion movie about Michael Jackson's chimp like I read that movie talk about career suicide. Am I right?
But we wish him the best of luck with his new feature project bubbles
Produced by star brands industry. It's my studio. It's why I brought it up. I know
All right, anyway, lashed out at me. You're making that movie claws. I read that script. It's amazing. Yeah, it is
Oh, it's so good. It really is. Yeah
Now that hopefully it's better set up
We should it will have the writer on in coming months. Maybe and we'll have the director on well
We'll have the monkey on maybe
They'll rip off your face
Those things will rip your face off. Yeah and testicles
So don't
Don't mess with speaking Rob. What animals you do encounter in the wild in its own natural environment
Would you be would you be most terrified to encounter like which one? Well, yeah, which which particular species of animal man?
I was seriously a chimpanzee right because it's like a
A human will shoot you or blow you up a lion will just fucking eat you and eviscerate you
But these what we know of chimps is that they will they'll dress up like cowboys and then they'll rip your face off
Yeah, they'll write a tricycle on the show and then you'll be like, hey, can I have the tricycle back on them?
I'm like, I'm not sure I went through puberty an hour ago. So
Peel now, it's my face
Yeah, but uh, I mean rip your jaw around like a ceiling fan because my little tiny monkey arms are stronger than
Yes, a fucking tank Spencer. Who do you say right off your finger? What Spencer?
What what do you animal would you say is the most formidable if you had to encounter them?
Which would be more terrifying for you. Yeah, man
Man, they got guns
You'd rather go one-on-one with a man than like a leopard. Yeah. Yeah
Really? Yeah, I would rather go one-on-one with a man
Than a left no like you hanging out like just going out like going out on a top buying shoes and
Any any we know shopping probably better with a man the leopard. No, you said man was the most dangerous. Yeah. Yeah, I'm saying
You know, he means cheetah. He's he means multiple questions flying around
Yeah, no, no one has been clear in what the question is the question wasn't what are you more scared of the question was like
Like what are you asking? What would be the the last animal you'd want to go one-on-one with like the one that you would be most afraid
Yeah, hippos don't stop a hippo hippo
I feel more than than sharks. Yeah, I feel like if I don't know
I mean if a lion's like I'm gonna kill this guy. He's probably gonna kill you
But like if a lion's like I might kill this guy and you stab him in the eye or something
He might fuck off. You never know but like a hippo. Oh, man. You're dead. You're fucking dead. I
Hear terrible things about geese
Well, what are your sources
Uh anyone who's ever been golfing tells me that that who's someone's took their face off
They they don't got strong jaws. Let me tell you that they will bite you till the cows come home
But it won't hurt that bad
Spencer you've been bitten by a geese. Yeah, and you have cows by a geese
Yeah
They come they saved the day
I was fucked. Have you been bitten by a goose? Yeah. Yeah, I mean I used to go to like duckpongs and stuff and feed animals
And yeah geese are the super aggressive. They got weird weird. Yeah, they bit you. Yeah
Well, tell us tell us a tell us a where a classic goose bite. What part of your body did they bite you?
And describe it slowly
The hands
They bit me on the hands I know because you had duck food and yeah, so you yeah
One time me and my friends were hanging out behind a Costco and we found that they threw out
More than 40 fresh loaves of bread because they got the new bread in but they weren't bad breads
Presumably so we got 40 loaves of bread and went to the duck pond
It was good, I think you guys were probably stoned we
No, we were definitely stoned, but that's not this time. We were making it rain. We were like slices and slices
Just flood in the water. It's probably bad for the local environment
But uh, no, you know, they're they were all loving I used to feed ducks and animals a lot like a duck pond in
Simi Valley, there wasn't a lot to do
There was a big duck pond that you could go to all sorts of animals and so sometimes you'd feed them
But yeah, the geese are the most aggressive so they'd come and they'd kind of swarm you and they really get like
They put their necks up like they're like trying to like square up with you to get food from you
Yeah, like they're they know you have food and they're trying to bully you. That's great
And that seems like so territorial to them. Yeah, they're and they're stupid like they're just really angry and dumb
Like it's a really loathsome animal trait like like like like there's you know
There's animals I understand animals coming at you and maybe scaring you because they want the food
But like an animal that's like like being mean to you because it wants your food. What a dick. Yeah, they're not they're not nice
I geese are geese are lame, man. Wow. Yeah, they'll probably to bring it down, bro
Yeah, so thank you. I wonder if swans are like that
I mean, isn't a swan just like a just like a like a fancy goose. I think yeah, I don't know man
What about those swans man the swan check out the swan every swan ever try to get your bread man
No, no, no, but these swans. I feel like they don't get close to the swans. No, I don't know
What do you guys think about like, you know how in hotels like? You
No matter how much or how little snacks are
Available the Snickers bar is like the Gideon Bible of the hotel snack always there. So I wonder is that like a corporate?
Toe completely unrelated
That's got to be based on demand though, right? That's got to be some no, that's got to be demand
That's like the generic candy bar. I bet if you pulled candy bar Snickers is number one
Yeah, it's the one that you can count on not like a bunch of like snokers and snookers
Like like like these ripoffs like how much how like wait wait like how come there's not like there's there's not really a lot of
Candy bars that are very close to Snickers. I wonder if there's a fuck with that Mars candy bar
Appropriation squatting like like yeah, like they just like if you try to add a certain amount of nougat to something they go like
We invented that and you're like I can't have nougat and they're like you can't have nougat I
Think they invented nougat. So yeah, I think I think nougat's kind of a gray area, too
What what what actually can look comprises nobody knows
Delicious, and that's all we know
Talking about nougat you eat it and then you get a new gut
Oh, no, that's great. That's a great job
Yeah
If you're talking to a child genius books are back down to $13
All right, but they're back to $15. All right, well, here we go. I talked about pee
And come
Come but Snickers are really satisfying the fucking best. Oh, man. They're a meal. I ate one on the way here
I'm gonna have a little hey Dan remember when you and I had a deep-fried Mars bar in Scotland
That was fucking good. Yeah, I don't I don't do the myth of the deep-fried
Common-day items. I'm gonna put a little dent in that if I could they don't exist
Well, I'm gonna have a deep-fried. It's a myth. I'm gonna have a deep-fried. Whatever. I'm gonna it comes at a deep-fried peanut butter cup
It's a it's a ball of fried
Bread or whatever the fuck they this it and you open it and it's just like it's just goop like come on
It's let's get real about what we're doing. I see the call you enjoying your deep-fried Mars bar when we were really drunk and well
Sure, yeah, it's delicious. Okay. Yeah, I'm not gonna eat that. So I won't eat that forensic files. It's goop in the middle
I'm not eating this
Excuse me miss. Will you please take this back?
No, I'm not gonna. I'm not gonna throw it in the garbage. It's a bunch of hot chocolatey mess
But it's not like it is not to my satisfaction
Hey, it's melted on the inside. Well, we put it in boiling oil, sir
Why did you do that?
Five dollars get to the video subscription
So, you know at the you watch forensic files, you know, they always have to close the episode because it's always sad
Someone got murdered, you know, and so they can't end it with just the people because they can't go like yay
We solved the forensics like like go like like hurray. I was stuck in the closet. I
Was stuck in the closet. We thought you were murdered. No, I was stuck in the closet
I'm so hot in there and I've been eating a coat. I'm so
So they're stuck in the class that would have been a good episode. They don't do that
But they never do that because they should do that
They should do it once the the the second to last thing that happens is always the
Stuck in the closet
The murdered people's families they have to say like oh, we're so sad they got murdered and we always hang out
They're grave and we always like miss them and stuff and it sucks that they're dead
And but you can't end the episode like that. So then they always need this like I don't know how come they have just figured it out
I don't get people to say it
But it's I guess because it's hard for these cops and stuff because it always has to be like a cop that says it
They're not, you know, look if you're a cop and you're listening and you're a genius like
email me, but but like like I don't like like I
You know like I'm just saying there's been there's been court cases about the fact that they screen you for a high IQ and
And and and not in the positive side like they're like because you tend to quit and waste taxpayers money
But but so these cops are kind of like, you know, and they live and then so then they are like they you want to close
The episode with them saying they just need to say that forensics like we're important
And so they're always like they just like the music is rising up
And it's like sometimes it takes them a really long time like they're going like this this was a case that
Where a person definitely did a bad thing and it's not done as much
But if it weren't if it weren't for for it for it for for science
You could just you just like sense the it's kind of funny. It's just like a thing. I wanted to talk about I
Just I watch every episode forensic files
I'm always like waiting for that part at the end where somebody's just like like you they're almost getting played off
You hear like the theme music coming up and they're just like like the this is a guy. Who's a bad guy?
Say science. Yeah, exactly. They're like wait
I just want him to say say like no at the you and you can tell that the way they start their quotes
Like you could tell the interviewers are asking them like so do you think forensic science was crucial to this investigation?
And they go yes, they go what could you?
Can you put can you make the question part of the answer and so they go like I definitely think forensic science was important
Because when you have when you have a crime
You and and then the and then the police start, you know, we do we do things and and then but obviously that that poof
That that that that that that swab from her vagina like
That was that that really tied it up boom. Oh, man, you're a Jimmy Kimmel. I
The forensic files guy the voiceover guy, he's oh, I don't like that guy because he's always out of breath
He's like and then a guy came in. No, come on
And and and then the door was opened. How do you know?
That guy is the show. How do you not like that guy?
I don't like I don't like the guy. I like trying to bring some energy to the situation
They're dead people. It's a story about a person that got slashed to pieces of this energy already
What I did what I like about that guy is that he picks it up at the end when they get to the point where they're like finally
Conclusively approved what the murder is and then he get the guy has to describe the murder
So out of empathy he starts amping it up or he's the guy who did it and he's really
Hard of beating a million miles in a second that'd be the greatest serial killer of all time who hosts his own show
Like there's an arsonist that always goes back to the scene like watches the fire burn with the put with the fire department
So science has proven that that guy did it and
Join us next week. We're gonna get that little girls killer. Oh, she's not dead yet, but we'll get her
They also during the recap they incorporate all of the things like that they found
Forensically so they make it sound like the person doing the crime did all these really weird specific microscopic things like pulling into the driveway
Angry about his girlfriend
He got out of the car and as he did his fingertips touched the edge of the door leaving the grease stains later found by police
He yanked her hair pulled her down the driveway leaving a slight trail of grease and dandruff
That the dog would lick up and that the dog pathologist would find in the dogs and testings
Anyway, I'm not making my point clear. I don't know what my
But it is science events so far that we can find dead people's dandruff and a dogs and testings
They had a really sad dog one that would have really bummed you out dog
Got the dog because I'm the only one that likes dogs. Yeah, no
That's it. The dog. You're the only one that like during our fascist takeover. You're like still tweeting like you said
So take it to a dog last week
Last week you said there was a dog that got got shot
But then the dog got the dog got shot and then he still at the end
He got he tried to still he got shot
Then he was like out of commission for a little bit and then the way that the guy got caught
He was a Samoan gangster named sable claws
How does it those gangs must be scary we've talked about that like cactus bunch and stuff like like if you're if you like these
Gangs that when those get those gangs that have like silly names like you're oh man
They must fucking just like I guess he was like in a Hannibal Lecter dolly in the court and it was just like I want to do it more
But sable claws got busted only because the dog that he shot his name was chief
He got shot in the fucking just like I guess he was like in a Hannibal Lecter dolly in the court
And it was just like I want to do it more
Fuck sable claws
Yep
But not you know not because he's Samoan because he's a gangster
So I'll make that clear
Samoans Samoans have provided us with a lot of like wonderful
people
Yes, Dwayne the Rock Johnson. I think is one of them. Maybe what are some of the inventions that Samoans?
Made in history like famous inventions. They have a good cookie. That's the cookie
The cookies every year. Yeah, well a lot of people don't know that Ben Franklin's key was Samoan
I mean who asked that that sounds like that's something you ask on a racist website. Who would it Samoans provide for us?
I found I'm cracking the case. What an Harriet Tubman invent
Maybe she didn't get a chance
You know, maybe Thomas Edison when he was born he was given like a bunch of light bulb assembly kits. We don't know
Hey guys, we only had a couple minutes left you want to
Zack just inform me he's got a new beat that we haven't heard before do you want to do it? You want to try this out?
Also before we do that I
I just got the sign created by Dino and I filled in the price suggested Jeff Davis value of the book Trent the graphic novel
Final price. I chose this twenty one dollars
Trent the world's first
Why is everything in quotes?
Musical graphic novel meet Dino outside if you wanted twenty one dollar graphic novel by Dino Samotopoulos and
Drawn by Leah Toshoni, right?
All right. Yeah, look, yeah, you'll take 16. Won't you or best offer?
And Scott and Scott and Brita are gonna be signing right? Yeah
Don't talk to anyone till you get back there
Don't give it away saying and don't give it away. Do you want to take your guitar out again?
Okay
All right, Zach leave that beat on us. Let's get the fuck out
Oh
Fist fight opens
I appreciate you 17th. Thank you for ice cube and Charlie day Tracy Morgan
Yo from the break it's on a fuck your mama all day and all afternoon long
I served her tea I served her bread. I fucked your ear put my dick through her head
Like she was Steve Martin like a wild crazy guy put an arrow going
All she could see was the back of my deck because she was using the back of her eyeballs to look at shit
That's how eyeballs work. They work on both sides. They're orcs and when you open them twice as wide you can see
360,000 degrees and you see all the humanities on its knees because we've been abusing the planet of using our air
We've got a hole in the ozone layer up there
I fucked your mama in the space station a factor so hard that she was in celebration of my penis and my balls
I fucked your mama and we went over Niagara Falls. We got married in Canada
a fuck your mama
brah
Yeah
Fuck your mama
I fucked your mama fuck your mama fuck
My name is
My name is Deep Voice Po. I fucked more than y'all. I fucked with a leather ball. And it hurts. I gotta let it go. I gotta let it go. I eat rich foods.
I get together with a lot of bad dudes when we get in bad moods and eat a lot of rich foods. We got the gout and we never get out. We let's eat rich chocolate, heavy creams, sauces.
My name is Deep Voice Po. I eat my feelings. I've been in bed with a bag of bonbons.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown everybody.
Let's hear it for Rob Schrab.
Dino Stamatopoulos.
Buy his book or don't.
Richie Keane everybody.
Richie Keane.
Philips.
Spencer.......
Scott Attsits
I'm Jeff Davis. Your man of course is Dan Harmon. Zac McKeever on The Beats is back there.
Steve Levy.
Go to HarmonChamp.com to find out information about that thing we're doing Thursday.
It's in Burbank and it's free and you'll just be helping us and having a, it'll be a party.
It won't be work.
Alright, thanks for coming.
Drive fast.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.
Go to HarmonChamp.com to find out more.